Hello, my name is Kenzo and in this
video you will acquire English naturally
by watching, listening, and following
along as I play Minecraft Hardcore.
Today is day 218. Oh, look, there's a
creeper outside. And as usual, I want to
start this video by saying thank you to
the supporters of this channel. Let's go
outside. Big thank you to Mario, Molina
for being the top supporter. Thank you
Karsten, Martina, Mia, and Max from the
Czech Republic. Thank you for supporting
this channel. Shout out to MK Wilbur in
Canada, the newest supporter of the
channel on the supporter wall. And if
you would like your name added to the
supporter wall, you can donate to
support the channel over on my Kofi
page.
It started to rain.
It's raining. I hear some zombies over
here. There's a zombie wearing golden
armor holding an egg. Back home. Let's
go inside.
In my last live stream, I upgraded the
inside of my house. Now the inside of my
house looks much better. I changed the
floor to be carpet. It's white and red
checkers.
I changed the floor in the enchanting
room to be amethyst blocks.
I changed the floor in the chest rooms
to be orange wool. I changed the floor
in the crafting table room. Before the
floor here was bamboo planks and I
changed it to be dark oak so that it
matches this room. Now both of these
rooms have dark oak planks as a floor. I
put my first pickaxe in an item frame
and I named it first pickaxe. I also
added some paintings to the walls. I
added three new paintings. There's a
huge painting over here.
And there are two smaller paintings here
and here. And today I want to
upgrade my supporter wall. First, I'm
going to go to the Nether to collect
some glow stone with my silk touch
pickaxe. Normally, when you mine
glowstone, you collect glowstone dust,
but with my silk touch pickaxe, I can
collect glowstone. And second, I want to
build some redstone lights.
So, these are my goals for this video.
First, let's go to the Nether to get
some glow stone. I have a potion of fire
resistance. I have some steak.
What else do I need? Um, I need some
cobblestone. I'll take some cobblestone.
I'll combine these bows.
There we go. Now, I have a new bow. And
I need some arrows
down here.
I'll take a full stack of arrows. I'll
also take these golden leggings.
I'll wear the golden leggings.
That way the piglins don't attack me.
Okay, I think I'm ready. Let's go to the
Nether. I'm swimming to the portal
in the rain.
Let's go to the Nether.
Whoa.
Zombie.
Let's go to the Nether.
What's going on? Oh, zombies.
The zombies are burning in the Nether.
Die, zombie.
I need to eat some steak.
Okay. Oh, there's a guest. I'll shoot it
with my bow.
I killed the guest.
Ooh,
I picked up
a gas tier.
I don't like this lava being right next
to my portal.
I think I blocked off the lava.
There we go. No more lava. This will be
much better. Let's look for some glow
stone.
There's some glow stone. Ooh.
That glow stone is right over the top of
lava.
I'm going to try to block off this lava
right here.
I'll place some cobblestone.
Okay,
I think I did it. The lava is gone.
I'll use my cobblestone to build upward.
Up.
Ghast. Two ghasts. I'll shoot them.
I missed.
I killed one.
Uhoh. Uhoh.
Okay,
I killed them both. Let's keep going.
Up, up, up, up. Here we are. The glow
stone.
Another ghast.
Okay, I killed it. I'll quickly mine
this glow stone using my silk touch
pickaxe. I built a little platform out
of cobblestone.
Now I'll collect this glow stone.
Yeah, I'm getting lots of glow stone.
Let's mine all this glow stone.
Okay, now I'll go back down right here.
Let's go down. Uh-oh.
There are two ghasts here.
Oh no. Oh no. Oh no.
Oh no.
Oh. Run, run, run.
I'm running away.
I'll get out my bow.
I'm going to try to shoot these ghasts.
There's one. Die. Die. I killed it.
There's another ghast here.
There's some glow stone that fell. I'll
pick it up.
More glow stone. Okay, so far I've found
34 glow stone. I think there was some
glow stone down this tunnel.
Uh-oh.
There's a huge pig blocking the way.
This guy is like a Snorlax.
I have to kill it. Die, die, die, die.
Sorry, pig.
He was blocking the way. Okay. Ooh,
there's some glow stone. I'm going to
mine all this glow stone with my silk
touch pickaxe.
There we go. That's all the glowstone.
Now I'll pick it all up.
There's some more. Uhoh.
Die, die, die, die.
More pork chop. I'll mine this glow
stone.
There's some glow stone.
Okay, I'll pick up this glowstone.
And I'll pick up all this glow stone.
Now we're up to almost two stacks.
One full stack and one stack that's
almost full.
I think that's enough. Let's go back
home.
Um,
I'm a little bit lost.
Just a little bit.
Oh, there's a torch.
Phew. All right, let's follow the
torches
back home. My tunnel.
Okay. I'll run down the tunnel.
Oo.
There's a lot of fighting happening
around me. Almost home.
And here's my portal.
Uhoh. Die, die, die, die, pig. Another
guest here. I'll pick it up. and some
pork chop. I always collect a bunch of
pork chop in the Nether. Look, I got 27
raw pork chop here.
All right, here we are. We did it. I got
a bunch of glow stone and three gas
tiers.
Ooh, I'll put back on my diamond
leggings. Back home, I'll open up my
notebook.
Okay, we got glow stone. So, I'll remove
this
Now, let's make some redstone lights.
Um, first I'm going to go over to the
supporter wall. Do I have a shovel? Yes.
First, I'm going to get a shovel
and I'm going to dig up the ground right
here in front of the supporter wall. I
want to put some redstone lights here at
the bottom. So, I'll start digging.
Okay. And I'll dig down one more block
like this.
So, this hole will be two blocks deep.
One, two.
Nope. My iron shovel broke.
And I don't have another shovel.
I think it's time for me to build a
diamond shovel that's enchanted. Let's
make an enchanted diamond shovel. I've
got a bunch of diamonds. I have 25
diamonds, so I can start building more
things out of diamond. Two sticks and
one diamond. A diamond shovel. And I
have 30 XP. So, oh, first I need some
lapis lazuli.
I'll get three three pieces of lapis
lazuli so I can get a level three
enchantment.
A level three enchantment. Let's do it.
Efficiency three. Okay, back to the
supporter wall. Now, let's use the
diamond shovel. Whoa,
this diamond shovel is so fast. Look.
Okay. And I'm also going to dig up
underneath the supporter wall right here
using my diamond shovel.
Look at this.
Wow. 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 19 20 21
Okay. 21. I'm going to place redstone
lamps on top of each of these dirt
blocks. So, I need 21 redstone lamps.
Let's go make some redstone lamps. Let's
go to the crafting table.
How do you make a redstone lamp?
Here it is.
Okay, we need four redstone dust and one
glow stone. Let's pick up some red
stone. I have a ton of red stone. Now,
let's make 21 redstone lamps.
21 redstone lamps. There we go.
Now, I need a bunch of redstone
repeaters.
So, we need some stone and some redstone
torches. I need some stone. So, once
again, I can use my silk touch pickaxe.
Normally when you mine stone you pick up
cobblestone,
but with silk touch you get stone. So I
can use my silk touch pickaxe to collect
a bunch of stone for the repeaters. I'll
start mining right here.
All right, I think that should be enough
stone. Let's go back up and let's craft
some repeaters.
I'm going to need a bunch of repeaters.
There we go. I made 40 of them. Let's go
to sleep.
I heard some phantoms out there.
Oh, die spider. That spider surprised
me. All right, we're back to the
supporter wall.
By the way, if you are enjoying these
videos and if you would like to practice
speaking English with me directly, you
could book a call with me on Google Meet
or Tencent meetings by clicking up here.
All right, let's work on the wiring, the
redstone wiring. On top of these dirt
blocks, I'll place redstone lamps like
this. There we go. I placed 21 redstone
lamps. Now I'll place dirt like this.
Oh no.
There's a wandering trader down here.
I'm going to dig up this dirt as well.
Like this.
This shovel is so fast. And I'll place
some dirt on this side as well. Like
this.
Oh,
I made a mistake here. I need to move
all of these blocks down by one.
I'll break all these redstone lamps.
Okay, there we go.
There we go. Now I'll take this redstone
dust and I'll place it on the grass like
this
all the way around.
All right, I ran out of redstone dust.
Let's go get more underground.
And here we are, the bottom of the
world. I already found some red stone.
I'll use my fortune pickaxe. Fortune
two.
There's some red stone.
More red stone. We're getting a lot of
red stone. All right, I got 48 redstone
dust. That's enough. Let's go back up.
All right, back to the surface. Let's go
to sleep. Let's get in bed and go to
sleep. I'll get my redstone dust
and I'll place it back here.
Okay. Now, I'm going to place the
repeaters like this.
I'm going to make these repeaters four
ticks. This is one, two, three, four.
Okay, I made it to the end on this side.
I'll take my shovel and I'll dig these
blocks. And here, I'll take redstone and
I'll go around.
And I'll place a repeater here.
And I'll do the same thing on this side.
Repeaters.
Oh no.
No, I ran out of repeaters.
I need to make a few more repeaters.
Let's make some more repeaters.
I made eight more repeaters. While I'm
here, I'm also going to pick up some
glass.
Do I have glass?
Ooh, I only have two glass. I need more
glass. I'll take this sand and I'll
smelt it into glass in this furnace.
There we go. I'll also take this tough.
I'll put the tough in the stone cutter
and turn it into polish tough.
And let's also make a button.
B U T O N.
There we go. I made a button. Okay,
let's go back over to the wall. First,
I'll finish placing the repeaters.
And I'll take this redstone around and
I'll connect it to this repeater.
Okay, now I just need to power it. And
we'll power it using this button. I'll
put the button right here. When I press
this button, it'll turn on this
redstone. This redstone will power this
lamp and then this lamp, then this lamp,
and it'll go down and then back this
way. So, it'll go back and forth and
back and forth hopefully.
Let's see. Let's try it. Power.
Yeah,
it's working.
It's working. And it'll come back this
way.
It looks like it works. So now I'm going
to pick up some glass. I'll pick up this
glass. And I'll place glass on top of
these lamps like this.
Actually, maybe instead of using full
blocks here, I could use slabs. So you
can see the glass a little bit better.
I'm going to make some slabs. Let's turn
this polish tough into polish tough
slabs.
There we go.
Oh, look at the lights. The lights are
moving.
I'll break all this polish tough and
I'll replace it with polished tough
slabs
like this. Now I'll place deep slate.
I don't need this button anymore.
I'll cover up all this redstone.
I'll take my shovel.
I'm going to break this dirt here.
I love this shovel. It's so fast. I'm
just going to dig up all this dirt.
Uhoh. Spider die. Spider die.
Wow, that is a lot of dirt. A lot of
dirt.
And I'll replace some of these torches.
Look at my light.
Oh no. Die.
Oh no.
Creeper. Another creeper.
No. No. Creeper. No.
It's a good thing I have a lot of dirt.
I actually don't think I like this
glass.
I'm going to pick up this glass using my
silk touch pickaxe.
I think I prefer it like this without
the glass.
And I'm going to end this episode right
here. If these videos are being helpful
to you, the best way to support this
channel is by going to my Kofi page and
making a donation or by going to my shop
and buying some of my artwork.
You can check it out by clicking up
here. Like and subscribe and I will see
you in the next video. See you.